Update securing API section referencing Kibana configuration file (#4928)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/api/securing-api.rst

    After changing the password, there is no need to restart the Wazuh API but a new :api-ref:`authentication <operation/api.controllers.security_controller.login_user>` will be required for the affected users.

    .. warning::

>       Changing the **wazuh-wui** user password will affect the Wazuh UI. You will have to update the ``wazuh.yml`` file accordingly with the new credentials. For further information, please visit the :ref:`Wazuh Kibana plugin configuration file section <kibana_config_file>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Changing the **wazuh-wui** user password will affect the Wazuh UI. You will have to update the ``/usr/share/kibana/data/wazuh/config/wazuh.yml`` configuration file accordingly with the new credentials. To learn more, see the :ref:`Wazuh Kibana plugin configuration file section <kibana_config_file>`.
```
